docs: use RFC 2119 keywords (#9532)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/architecture/README.md

Read about the [PROCESS](./PROCESS.md).

#### Use RFC 2119 Keywords

> In many documents several words are used to signify the requirements in the specification.  These words are often capitalized: "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED",  "MAY", and "OPTIONAL. They are to be interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing ADRs, it is required to follow the same best practices for writing RFCs. When writing RFCs, key words are used to signify the requirements in the specification.  These words are often capitalized: "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED",  "MAY", and "OPTIONAL. They are to be interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119).
```

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: should'nt the markdown linter catch these?

```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This should be fixed with `make lint-fix`. Maybe we should be automatically running this in the CI?
